owner of a stylish appearance and one
of the largest displays in the class
protected smartphones like b15 by the way he
finally a decent colleague with them not
interesting design and large screen
this resident
both devices besides worthy of attention
appearance has a lot of displays and
other personal data from high
level of security and modern
technical characteristics
j3 linear one and a half centimeters wider by 3
mm and thickness 8 also j3 heavier
90 gram
difference in size and weight with real
use noticeably felt in terms of
buttons and technology holes
smartphones are almost the same if not
count mechanical control buttons and
j3 rosette button when compared
smartphones for the duration of the work
j3 triumphs him
3000mAhm more capacious battery
hours against two thousand y how that gives
he can work without recharging
Talk time up to 25 hours in
caterpillar more familiar seven or eight
hours also j3 has a little big
display what to 4 3 inches vs 4
however from a resolution of 480 by 800 pixels
color level tft matrix you
smartphones same what does
image quality identical
is at a high enough level
nevertheless, there is a noticeable difference in the screens
color temperature and also not
significantly higher level of brightness
The undeniable benefits of the same 3 is
higher level of protection he
complies with international standard
ip68
it is completely dustproof and waterproof and
ready for a long dive on
depth of more than one meter continuing
work plus this smartphone is responsible
military camp
allowing it to withstand shocks
falls extreme swings
temperature and vibration pressure even
chemicals as it were 15
ip67 certified
he withstand a half hour dive on
depth up to 1 meter and not afraid to hit
moisture and dust
however, with responsible with military
smartphone does not have j3 standards
made from without plastic
Wear-resistant rubber smartphone consists of
3 pieces that are tightly twisted
four metal bolts and
additional brackets on the sides which
significantly increase the reliability of the case under
no back cover
battery compartment smartphone battery
fixed and under a small lid
there is a connector for sim cards and cards
memory which increases protected
smartphone and how have the lining of
anodized aluminum in places that
most often hit from
rubber
battery cover
made of flexible plastic
which not only perfectly bends well well not
it dampens shocks attached body
unconventional bolts with
special mechanism with numerous
no badges fasteners and reliable
Latch this is enough to
caterpillar endured sloppy
self-treatment
in general, both smartphones have excellent
characteristics
however, the level of security j3 noticeable
superior to his opponent and despite
the fact that both devices can
used within the city limits they
completely different as well as preferences
future owners